content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About Me"
date: 2022-08-30T12:09:06+02:00
draft: false
hidemeta: true
disableShare: true
---

Hi, I'm Léonard.  
I am a DevOps engineer, currently working for Partoo.
I like learning and experimenting with cloud native technologies.  
I live near Saint-Malo, Brittany, France.

# Experiences ✨

## Partoo

**DevOps Engineer 👨‍💻**  
Permanent · since October 2020  

- Implementation of HashiCorp Vault for secret management.- Implementation of HashiCorp Vault for secret management.
- Migration with minimal downtime of the production environment across two AWS regions.
- Infrastructure as Code implementation using Terraform.
- Creation of a new staging environment to enhance development velocity.
- Implementation of Datadog as a monitoring solution for logs, traces and metrics.- Migration with minimal downtime of the production environment across two AWS regions. - Infrastructure as Code implementation using Terraform. - Creation of a new staging environment to enhance development velocity. - Implementation of Datadog as a monitoring solution for logs, traces and metrics.…see more
Skills: Cloud-Native Architecture

## Labomap

**Research And Development Intern**  
Feb 2020 - Jul 2020

Commit message:

feat(about): add contact mail, fix typo

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About Me"
date: 2022-08-30T12:09:06+02:00
draft: false
hidemeta: true
disableShare: true
---

Hi, I'm Léonard.  
I am a DevOps engineer, currently working for Partoo.
I like learning and experimenting with cloud native technologies.  
I live near Saint-Malo, Brittany, France.

# Experiences ✨

## Partoo

**DevOps Engineer 👨‍💻**  
Permanent · since October 2020  

- Implementation of HashiCorp Vault for secret management.- Implementation of HashiCorp Vault for secret management.
- Migration with minimal downtime of the production environment across two AWS regions.
- Infrastructure as Code implementation using Terraform.
- Creation of a new staging environment to enhance development velocity.
- Implementation of Datadog as a monitoring solution for logs, traces and metrics.- Migration with minimal downtime of the production environment across two AWS regions. - Infrastructure as Code implementation using Terraform. - Creation of a new staging environment to enhance development velocity. - Implementation of Datadog as a monitoring solution for logs, traces and metrics.

## Labomap

**Research And Development Intern**  
Feb 2020 - Jul 2020

# Contact

Mail: [contact@suslian.engineer](mailto:contact@suslian.engineer)
